Introduction and enhancement of the data validation section (#310)
kuzzleio/documentation: src/sdk/js/6/controllers/auth/logout/index.md

# logout

Revokes the current authentication token.

If there were any, real-time subscriptions are cancelled.

> If this action is successful, then the [jwt]({{ site_base_path }}sdk-reference/js/6/kuzzle/properties) property of this class instance is unset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this action is successful, then the [jwt](/sdk/js/6/core-classes/kuzzle/properties) property of this class instance is unset.
```
